README.md, before:

# Send It
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/wandesky/send-it-adc.svg?branch=pipeline)](https://travis-ci.com/wandesky/send-it-adc)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/wandesky/send-it-adc/badge.svg?branch=develop)](https://coveralls.io/github/wandesky/send-it-adc?branch=develop)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/78383df05ce674f5952a/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/wandesky/send-it-adc/maintainability)
### The app
SendIT is a courier service that helps users deliver parcels to different destinations.   
This repository holds [@wandesky's](https://github.com/wandesky) submission of for Andela's Developer Challenge.  
### The develop branch
Apart from this readme in master branch, all the work has been pushed to the develop branch.  
To clone the repo, run `git clone https://github.com/wandesky/send-it-adc.git`  
Then switch to the develop branch to access the latest changes. You can do this using `git checkout develop`  
Once version 1 of the app is ready, master branch will be merged with develop.  
### Front end
A copy of the front end site can be accessed from `github pages`
### API
The API is hosted on heroku and docummented using Postman.
### Project Management
[Pivotal Tracker](https://www.pivotaltracker.com/n/projects/2224104) was used in management of this project.

Commit message:

[finishes #162366625] update readme with link to heroku

README.md, after:

# Send It
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/wandesky/send-it-adc.svg?branch=pipeline)](https://travis-ci.com/wandesky/send-it-adc)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/wandesky/send-it-adc/badge.svg?branch=develop)](https://coveralls.io/github/wandesky/send-it-adc?branch=develop)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/78383df05ce674f5952a/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/wandesky/send-it-adc/maintainability)
### The app
SendIT is a courier service that helps users deliver parcels to different destinations.   
This repository holds [@wandesky's](https://github.com/wandesky) submission of for Andela's Developer Challenge.  
### The develop branch
The [develop branch](https://github.com/wandesky/send-it-adc/tree/develop) houses a reasonably stable version of the app.  
When stability is ascertained and version 1 approved, then the changes will be merged to `master`.  
An interesting branch by the name [pipeline](https://github.com/wandesky/send-it-adc/tree/pipeline) is where the unstable, 'unapproved' and unverified changes are housed.  
To clone the repo, run `git clone https://github.com/wandesky/send-it-adc.git`  
Then switch to the develop branch to access the latest _working_ changes. You can do this using `git checkout develop`  
### Front end
A copy of the front end site can be accessed from `github pages`  
### API
The API is hosted on [heroku](https://send-it-adc-production.herokuapp.com/) and docummented using [Postman](postman.com) and [Apiary](apiary.com).  
### Project Management
[Pivotal Tracker](https://www.pivotaltracker.com/n/projects/2224104) was used in management of this project.
